added flipDirection/flipHour settings, stopname and filterDirection fix (#16)
edward-shen/MMM-MBTA: readme.md

`colorIcons`|Display the vehicle icons in their respective color.<br/>**Expected Value type:** `boolean`.
`showAlerts`|Shows alerts near the specified station.<br/>**Expected Value type:** `boolean`.<br/>**WARNING**: Alerts are only properly shown when in a full-width position, such as `top_bar`, `middle_center` or `lower_third`.
`hideEmptyAlerts`|Automatically hide the alerts section when there are no alerts.<br/>**Expected Value type:** `boolean`.
`direction`| Sets the default direction you care about.<br/>Example: `direction:  "Inbound" `.<br/>**Expected Value type:** `String`.

> `flipDirection`| Set to true, it will flip direction filter flag, ie: Inbound in the AM Outbound in PM<br/>**Expected Value type:** `boolean`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flipDirection`| When set to `true`, MMM-MBTA will the flip the direction filter for incoming vehicles at the station, i.e. Inbound in the AM and Outbound in PM<br/>**Expected Value type:** `boolean`.
```

> `flipHour`| When set with flipDirection the time of day you want to flip direction to override 12 noon<br/>**Expected Value type:** `int`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`flipHour`| Specifies the hour to flip the direction, if `flipDirection` is equal to `true`. Default value is 12.**Expected Value type:** `int`.
```

Author: Adding Outbound etc wouldn't hurt either...
